## naturejobs_scraper.py
A Python scraper for [nature.com's job website](http://www.naturejobs.com).
Licensed under GPL v3 (see COPYING).
***
### Changelog
06 July 2013: Script broken; now fixed. Fixed issues caused by doubleclick pixel bugs that wrecked the table layout (unclosed img tags).

16 March 2013: Initial release
### Rationale
Nature's job website is a little frustrating to use. First, there's no option of setting the number of jobs per page. This means clicking through dozens of pages to see those posted in the last week. Secondly, although you can set inclusive filters, I would prefer by default to be able to quickly skim through all the jobs posted excluding those that are of no interest to me.

So, I wrote this script. It creates a HTML table which contains jobs posted on the website and can filter out jobs by title, employer or location.
***
### Usage examples
Run njs.py from the command line. It outputs a HTML file in the same directory.

The last page number to process is the only required argument, e.g. `-lp 10` will process the first ten pages of the site. If you browse the [site](http://www.nature.com/naturejobs/science/jobs), it will show you the highest page number, or you can enter a very large number, e.g. `-lp 9999` and the script will stop once it reaches the final page.

The default output filename is autogenerated from current date and time, unless a filename is specified with `-o filename`.

`njs.py -h`  
Show help.  
`njs.py -o jobs.html -lp 30`  
Save jobs from first thirty pages to jobs.html. 

Job titles, employers and locations can be specified to be ignored using the options `-it`, `-ie` and `-il` respectively; any jobs matching these terms will be not be included in the output HTML. Multiple entries for each option should have a space between, spaces in the terms should be replaced with underscores.

`njs.py -o remove-phd-jobs.html -it PhD`  
Any jobs containing __PhD__ in the title will not be included in the HTML.  
`njs.py -o remove-more-phd-jobs.html -it PhD Ph.D`  
Any jobs containing __PhD__ or __Ph.D__ in the title will not be included in the HTML.  
`njs.py -o filter-employer.html -ie Black_Mesa_Research_Facility`  
Any jobs with __Black Mesa Research Facility__ listed as an employer will not be included in the HTML.  
`njs.py -lp 100 -o not-on-the-moon.html -il Moon`  
Any jobs on the __Moon__ will not be included in the HTML. Pages up to and including page 100 will be processed.  

These options can be combined.  
`njs.py -o multiple-filters.html -il Moon -it PhD Ph.D -ie Black_Mesa_Research_Facility`
***
### Dependencies and issues
* Tested on Python 2.7.3 on Windows (Windows 7 64-bit) and Linux (Raspbian).
* Requires [BeautifulSoup 4.1.3](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/)
* It does handle international characters in job titles, employers and locations, but, if running on a Linux machine via ssh, make sure that the character set of the ssh client matches that of the shell. (When testing using PuTTY on Windows to connect to a Raspberry Pi, I spent a long time trying to debug the wrong characters being sent to the script until I realised it was PuTTY's remote character set that didn't match the UTF-8 locale setting of bash.) 
